EXO-60659: migration page Addon management to new documentation site (#14)
exoplatform/exoplatform.github.io: docs/administration/addons-management.md

# Add-ons Management

 An add-on could be a set of extensions, customizations, xml configurations, applications, templates or any new services packaged in a zip archive. In other words, an add-on could be whatever that extends eXo Platform capabilities by adding services, resources, and more.

>  The easiest way to manage add-ons is to use the eXo Add-ons Manager that is shipped by default in all 4.3 editions. The eXo Add-ons Manager defines a standard approach of packaging, installing/uninstalling and updating the available add-ons. With the eXo Add-ons Manager, you, as administrators, can enhance your management of the add-ons installed on the eXo Platform instances via the Command Line Interface (known as CLI), in a simple manner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The easiest way to manage add-ons is to use the eXo Add-ons Manager that is shipped by default in all versions superior to 4.3. The eXo Add-ons Manager defines a standard approach of packaging, installing/uninstalling and updating the available add-ons. With the eXo Add-ons Manager, you, as administrators, can enhance your management of the add-ons installed on the eXo Platform instances via the Command Line Interface (known as CLI), in a simple manner.
```
